what position did moon play in professional football?
how rich is the Bill Gates. 
how poor is the Bill Gates. 
where did moon play in college?
in what year was moon born?
how many times was moon a pro bowler?
who is warren moon's agent?
who have coached moon in professional football?
list the professional teams for which moon has been a player.
what does lpga stand for?
where is the lpga headquartered?
how many events are part of the lpga tour?
when does the lpga celebrate its 50th anniversary?
how many people were founders of lpga?
name past and present lpga commissioners.
name tournaments in which lpga players have participated.
where is the institute located?
what is the full title of the organization?
when was it founded?
who is the senior vice president of the american enterprise institute?
what is the zip code of the american enterprise institute?
who have been "scholars" at the institute?
who have been "fellows" at the institute?
where in the u.s. is the division based?
when was the division formed?
how many personnel comprise the division?
what is the division's motto?
what is the division's official song?
in what conflicts has the division participated?
who have commanded the division?
how many non-white members of the jury were there?
who was the foreman for the jury?
where was the trial held?
when was king convicted?
who was the victim of the murder?
what defense and prosecution attorneys participated in the trial?
who was the leader deposed by the overthrow?
when did the overthrown government come to power?
what group accomplished the overthrow?
who was the nominal leader after the overthrow?
for what crime was the deposed leader found guilty?
which countries formally disapproved of the overthrow?
when did prince edward engage to marry?
who did the prince marry?
where did they honeymoon?
where was edward in line for the throne at the time of the wedding?
what was the prince's occupation?
how many people viewed the wedding on television?
what individuals were at the wedding?
in what country is luxor?
on what date did the massacre happen?
how many people died from the massacre?
at what site in luxor did the massacre occur?
which terrorist organization claimed responsibility for the massacre?
tourists from which countries were among the dead?
the daily show appears on what cable channel?
the daily show parodies what other type of tv program?
who is host of the daily show?
at what time is the daily show initially televised?
who is the creator of the daily show?
what was the title for the daily show's 2000 election coverage?
what celebrities have appeared on the daily show?
in what year was the final episode telecast?
what network aired the show?
who played diane chambers?
who played sam malone the bartender?
what boston bar was the inspiration for cheers' bar?
what year was the program first broadcast?
name supporting actors who performed in cheers.
how many races are part of the winston cup series?
what races are part of the winston cup series?
which drivers have won the winston cup?
what tobacco company is a sponsor of the winston cup series?
on what day of the week are races for the winston cup run?
what is considered the minor league for the winston cup series?
where was mozart born?
when was mozart born?
what year did mozart die?
list mozart's operas.
who was mozart's rival?
how many children did mozart have?
when was hitchcock born?
where was hitchcock born?
what was hitchcock's first movie?
list his movie nominations for best director.
how many oscar awards did hitchcock win?
when did hitchcock die?
where did hitchcock die?
what year was christopher reeve paralyzed?
how many "superman" movies did he make?
during what years were these "superman" movies made?
which actress co-starred in the most "superman" movies with reeve?
what year did reeve commence his theatrical career?
list titles of movies, other than "superman" movies, that christopher reeve acted in.
hugo chavez is president of which country?
how old was hugo chavez when first elected?
where did chavez graduate from?
what year did chavez graduate from this school?
list countries visited by chavez.
what percentage of the 2000 presidential vote did chavez receive?
who was chavez's opponent in his 1998 presidential race?
who founded nascar?
when was nascar founded?
who took control of nascar from the founder?
list winners of the nascar races.
how much money does nascar generate from tv rights annually?
who holds the record of career victories in nascar?
what is the record career total of victories in nascar?
what was the number of member nations of the u.n. in 2000?
how many non-permanent members are in the security council?
how long does a non-permanent member serve on the security council?
how often does the presidency of the security council rotate?
who was the president of the u.n. security council for august 1999?
who has served as secretary-general of the u.n.?
who is the secretary-general for political affairs?
who became tufts university president in 1992?
over which other university did he preside?
what was tufts' endowment in 1992 when he became president?
what is tufts' current endowment?
how many schools make up the university?
name the schools of tufts university.
where is tufts located?
what year was wal-mart founded?
who founded wal-mart?
list companies that have filed suits against wal-mart.
how many wal-mart employees are there in the u.s.?
how many stores does wal-mart operate world-wide?
how many wal-mart outlets are there in india?
how many wal-mart outlets are there in china?
how many member nations are in the imf?
list the countries that have been provided loans by the imf.
which country received the largest loan ever granted by the imf?
what was the record loan amount granted by the imf?
what does imf stand for?
when was the imf founded?
where is the imf headquartered?
in what city was the 1999 all-star game held?
in what city was the 1999 game originally scheduled?
list the official sponsors of the game.
what is the name of the ballpark where the game was played?
what is the seating capacity of the ballpark?
what was the date of the 1999 all-star game?
who was the most valuable player (mvp) of the game?
myeloma is cancer in what part of the body?
what drug is used to treat myeloma?
what other form of treatment has been used for multiple myeloma?
how many americans develop multiple myeloma every year?
how many deaths are caused by multiple myeloma in the u.s. annually?
list facilities involved in the treatment of multiple myeloma.
where is the hermitage museum located?
along the banks of what river is the hermitage museum located?
in what year did catherine the great begin buying for the museum?
what is the size of the hermitage museum collection?
list the artists represented in the collection.
in what city will there be a satellite museum for the hermitage?
who is the director of the hermitage?
where was judi dench born?
what movies did she play in?
who is she married to?
how many oscars has she been nominated for?
how many oscars has she won?
how many tony awards has she won?
in what year was she born?
in what year was the queen mum's 100th birthday celebrated?
what color was the dress that she wore at her birthday lunch?
the queen mother received congratulatory greetings from what heads of state?
what was the queen mother's birth name?
how many interviews has she granted the press in her 100 years on earth?
what was her husband's title when she married him?
what was his title when he died?
how many humans were infected with avian flu in hong kong in 1997?
how many humans died of avian flu in hong kong in 1997?
how may chickens were slaughtered to stop further spread of the disease to humans?
what strain of avian flu broke out in hong kong in 1997?
what new strain of avian flu appeared in hong kong within the next two years?
what vaccines are known to be effective against avian flu?
in what city is the millennium wheel located?
how high is the millennium wheel?
what is its popular name?
who built it?
how many passenger capsules does it contain?
list the names of other millennium structures in england.
approximately how many paintings has prince charles completed?
what charities have benefited from the sale or auction of his paintings?
what is the record amount ever paid for one of his paintings?
what is his usual painting medium?
what are his usual subjects?
what other prince showed his paintings in a two-prince exhibition with prince charles in london?
when did the construction of stone circles begin in the uk?
approximately how many stone circles have been found in the uk?
when was stonehenge built?
in what county was stonehenge built?
what are the locations or names of other stone circles in the uk?
what is the oldest stone circle in the uk?
how many songs are on the album "in spite of ourselves"?
what john prine song was a #1 hit for george strait?
in what year did john prine have a cancerous tumor removed?
for how many years did john prine smoke?
what artists has john prine done duets with?
what are the titles of songs written by john prine?
when was stephen wynn born?
what company acquired wynn's mirage resorts in 2000?
what is the name of the new wynn casino opened in las vegas in 1998?
who was the talent manager hired by wynn to start new theaters, arenas and cabarets?
what is the name of wynn's newest casino in mississippi?
name famous artists whose works have been purchased by stephen wynn or are displayed in his galleries.
in what city and state did the business begin?
what do ben and jerry produce?
what is ben's last name?
what is jerry's last name?
what rock band had a ben &amp; jerry's flavor named after them?
unilever purchased ben &amp; jerry's in 2000 for what price?
name unusual flavors created by ben &amp; jerry's.
in what country is the wto headquartered?
what country was the most popular tourist destination in 1995 according to wto reports?
who was the director of the wto in 1996?
how many tourists visited china in 1995 according to wto reports?
what continent had the highest tourism growth rate in 1997 according to wto reports?
the wto has held meetings in what countries?
who has served as secretary general of the wto?
when was the afbf founded?
who was president of the afbf in 1999?
the afbf represents how many families?
what was the total amount in disaster aid the afbf asked congress for in july 1999?
according to the afbf, what is the average cost of a turkey dinner with all the trimmings?
what employees of the afbf have been mentioned in the news?
how old was elian at the time of the shipwreck?
who was elian staying with in florida?
where was elian's father at the time?
who was the u.s. attorney general at the time?
on what date did elian return to cuba?
what are the names of elian's relatives?
name cast members of the movie "an officer and a gentleman".
who directed the movie?
in what year did the movie win academy awards?
what song from the movie won an academy award?
who sings the song during the final credits?
what florida bar was featured in the movie?
what game can "deep blue" play?
who won the match between gary kasparov and deep blue in february 1996?
how much money was wagered in the 1996 match?
the 1996 match consisted of how many games?
who won the match between gary kasparov and deep blue in may 1997?
how many "moves per second" could deep blue scan in 1997?
in what cities were the matches between deep blue and kasparov held?
how many methamphetamine labs were dismantled in arizona in 1998?
how many methamphetamine labs were dismantled nationwide in the u.s. in 1998?
how much money did the clinton administration budget in 2000 for shutting down methamphetamine labs?
in what texas town did the fbi and atf destroy a compound killing dozens, but found no methamphetamine lab?
what chemical company's labels were found on bottles in a methamphetamine lab?
in what cities or towns have illegal methamphetamine labs been found?
what was the date of hedy lamarr's birth?
what was her name at birth?
in what city was she born?
on what date did hedy lamarr die?
name movies hedy lamarr appeared in.
what did hedy lamarr invent?
name hedy lamarr's husbands.
in what city is the lebanese parliament located?
how many seats are in the lebanese parliament?
who is the speaker of the lebanese parliament?
who is the deputy speaker of the lebanese parliament?
name members of the lebanese parliament.
how many years are in a term of the lebanese parliament?
what british league does manchester united play in?
what is the name of the stadium in manchester where manchester united plays?
who is the manager of manchester united?
who is the captain of manchester united?
who is the keeper for manchester united?
who were leading players for manchester united in the 1990's?
what is the feeder club for manchester united?
which british teams has manchester united played?
how many performers appeared at the 1998 edinburgh fringe?
what was the total number of performances at the 1998 edinburgh fringe?
what plays were performed at the 1998 edinburgh fringe?
in what month is the edinburgh fringe held?
in what country is the edinburgh fringe held?
in what year was the edinburgh fringe begun?
on what date was thabo mbeki elected president of south africa?
whom did thabo mbeki succeed as president of south africa?
what political party does thabo mbeki belong to?
what national leaders and spokespersons sent congratulatory messages following thabo mbeki's election as president of south africa?
what was the biggest black opposition party at the time of mbeki's election?
how old was thabo mbeki when he was elected president?
how many seats did mbeki's party win in the election?
what was the date of the 1999 chicago marathon?
what was the distance of the 1999 chicago marathon?
who was the men's winner of the 1999 chicago marathon?
who was the women's winner of the 1999 chicago marathon?
what was the men's winning time in the 1999 chicago marathon?
what was the women's winning time in the 1999 chicago marathon?
name nations represented in the 1999 chicago marathon.
in what city does the iditarod start?
in what city does the iditarod end?
in what month is it held?
who is the founder of the iditarod?
name people who have won the iditarod.
how many miles long is the iditarod?
what is the record time in which the iditarod was won?
which companies have sponsored the iditarod?
how many pyramids have been discovered in egypt?
in what city are the three great pyramids located?
what are the names of the three great pyramids?
which is the largest pyramid ever built?
what is the height of the largest pyramid?
how old are the three great pyramids?
name additional pyramids of egypt.
in what country is the origin of the amazon river?
in what country is the mouth of the amazon river?
how long is the amazon river?
name tributaries of the amazon river.
in what mountain range does the amazon river rise?
what is the name of the amazon river at its origin?
what u.s. state is the highest avocado producer?
what is the fat content of an avocado?
what are the main commercial varieties of avocados?
what countries produce avocados?
when was the first avocado plant cultivated in the u.s.?
what insect pest threatens avocado crops?
what are the names of this author's books?
who publishes her books?
how much did this publisher pay for her first manuscript?
in what year did she start writing her first book?
for which novel did she receive the whitbread's children's book of the year award in 2000?
in what city was rowling born?
in what city did rowling live in 2000?
in what city is the company headquartered?
who became ceo of the company in 1998?
which heir to the company fortune was killed in an aviation accident?
what year was heinz ketchup introduced?
which disease does heinz tout its ketchup as helping to prevent?
what food companies have been acquired by heinz?
what abbreviation is the international rowing federation also known by?
when was the international rowing federation rowing world cup first held?
what country won the first four overall international rowing federation rowing world cup titles?
in what cities were international rowing federation rowing world cup events held?
who was elected president of the international rowing federation in 1989?
how many boats raced in the 2000 olympic games in sydney australia?
what does the acronym eta stand for?
approximately how many people has eta killed?
what are some other basque separatist groups?
on what date did eta announce a cease-fire in 1998?
what date will this cease-fire begin?
what date did eta announce that this cease-fire would end?
in what city is the wfp headquartered?
when was the wfp created?
who was the first director of the wfp?
who was the director of the wfp in 1997?
the wfp is an agency of what organization?
in 2000, in how many countries did the wfp distribute food?
what countries have donated to the wfp?
where did the tournament take place?
when did this tournament conclude?
how many players participated?
who did kasparov defeat in this tournament?
the purpose of this tournament was to help unify what world chess organizations?
what was the date of the east timor election on independence?
what percentage of the vote was for independence?
from what country did east timor separate?
in what year did this country invade east timor?
on what date did the international force in east timor (interfet) enter east timor?
what countries contributed troops to interfet?
on what date did interfet turn over control to untaet (u.n. transitional authority in east timor)?
on what date was the euro adopted?
how many european union countries originally adopted the euro?
which european union countries originally chose not to adopt the euro?
on what date was greece allowed to adopt the euro?
in what year is the euro scheduled to completely replace the national currencies?
in the danish referendum of 2000, what percentage of the voters rejected adopting the euro?
what animal was the first mammal successfully cloned from adult cells?
what year was this animal born?
at what institute was this procedure done?
what other mammals have been cloned from adult cells?
what countries have placed restrictions on human cloning research?
in what country is this facility located?
what country is assisting with the development of this facility?
what other countries have signed contracts to work on this facility?
what is the claimed primary purpose of this facility?
what model reactor is being planned for this facility?
what year did work on this facility originally start?
in what year was padre pio born?
where was padre pio born?
what year did padre pio die?
how old was padre pio when he died?
in what city is padre pio's tomb?
what year did padre pio first receive the stigmata?
list other saints who have had the stigmata.
in what city was frank sinatra born?
what year was sinatra's first performance?
what was sinatra's first recording?
when did he die?
how old was he when he died?
name his children.
when was shakespeare born?
where was shakespeare born?
when did shakespeare die?
how old was shakespeare when he died?
how many sonnets did shakespeare write?
how many plays did shakespeare write?
what plays did shakespeare write?
where was cole porter born?
what year was cole porter born?
what year did cole porter die?
what musicals did cole porter compose?
what was cole porter's last broadway show?
how many songs did cole porter write?
what was cole porter's first professional musical?
what position is nissan among japanese automakers?
who is president of nissan corp.?
in what countries does nissan manufacture vehicles outside of japan?
in what city is nissan headquartered?
what is the nissan corp. luxury car?
what was nissan formerly known as?
who founded the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints?
in what year was the church founded?
where did the mormon church begin?
how many members does it have?
name elected government officials who are mormon.
where is the capital of the mormon church?
how many temples are in operation worldwide?
on what island is mt. pinatubo?
in what month did it erupt?
how many people were killed?
how many people were evacuated?
how long had mt. pinatubo been dormant?
what other volcanoes are in the philippines?
when did the johnstown flood occur?
how many people perished in the johnstown flood?
how much water fell on johnstown?
what dam caused the johnstown flood?
how old was the dam?
in what state is johnstown?
what other u.s. states have had dam failures?
the tower of pisa began to be built in what year?
how long did it take to build the tower of pisa?
what is the tilt angle of the tower of pisa?
how much was the tower of pisa straightened in the 1990's?
what was the cost of preservation of the tower of pisa?
how high is the tower of pisa?
name other leaning towers.
how old is the great wall of china?
how long is the great wall of china?
how long was it used as a defense?
under which dynasty was the wall built?
in what cities has the great wall of china been found?
where did she grow up?
which high school did she go to?
which college did she go to?
who was she married to?
when was she married?
on what date did she die?
who were her family members?
what government position did she assume in 1993?
what position did she have immediately prior to 1993?
where was her father born?
where did she grow up?
who was her top deputy attorney in 1999?
what disease was she diagnosed with in 1995?
list universities that she visited.
what year was she inducted into the hollywood walk of fame?
who was she married to?
what year did she die?
how did she die?
what movie was based on her life?
what was the name of her producer?
what songs did she record?
what year was he born?
how many times has he married?
what is the name of the musical that he wrote about the harmonistas?
what music school did he attend?
for what female singer was he the musical director and pianist in the 70's?
what record label did he sing for in 2000?
list the songs he recorded.
what was meg ryan's name at birth?
who was she married to?
when did she meet her husband?
what movies did meg ryan star in?
in what movie did she own a bookstore?
who was her male lead in that movie?
in what movie did she own a party-planning business?
where was the pageant held?
which tv network aired the pageant?
what was the date of the pageant?
who was crowned miss america 2000?
what state was miss america 2000 from?
how many judges were in the pageant?
who were the five finalists in the pageant?
where was the festival held?
what is the name of the artistic director of the festival?
when was the festival held?
which actress appeared in two films shown at the festival?
which film won the dramatic screen play award at the festival?
which film won three awards at the festival?
list films shown at the 1999 sundance film festival?
