how many oscar awards did hitchcock win?
what position did moon play in professional football?
how rich is the Bill Gates. 
how poor is the Bill Gates. 
where did moon play in college?
in what year was moon born?
how many times was moon a pro bowler?
who is warren moon's agent?
who have coached moon in professional football?
list the professional teams for which moon has been a player.
what does lpga stand for?
where is the lpga headquartered?
how many events are part of the lpga tour?
when does the lpga celebrate its 50th anniversary?
how many people were founders of lpga?
name past and present lpga commissioners.
name tournaments in which lpga players have participated.
where is the institute located?
what is the full title of the organization?
when was it founded?
who is the senior vice president of the american enterprise institute?
what is the zip code of the american enterprise institute?
who have been "scholars" at the institute?
who have been "fellows" at the institute?
where in the u.s. is the division based?
when was the division formed?
how many personnel comprise the division?
what is the division's motto?
what is the division's official song?
in what conflicts has the division participated?
who have commanded the division?
how many non-white members of the jury were there?
who was the foreman for the jury?
where was the trial held?
when was king convicted?
who was the victim of the murder?
what defense and prosecution attorneys participated in the trial?
who was the leader deposed by the overthrow?
when did the overthrown government come to power?
what group accomplished the overthrow?
who was the nominal leader after the overthrow?
for what crime was the deposed leader found guilty?
which countries formally disapproved of the overthrow?
when did prince edward engage to marry?
who did the prince marry?
where did they honeymoon?
where was edward in line for the throne at the time of the wedding?
what was the prince's occupation?
how many people viewed the wedding on television?
what individuals were at the wedding?
in what country is luxor?
on what date did the massacre happen?
how many people died from the massacre?
at what site in luxor did the massacre occur?
which terrorist organization claimed responsibility for the massacre?
tourists from which countries were among the dead?
the daily show appears on what cable channel?
the daily show parodies what other type of tv program?
who is host of the daily show?
at what time is the daily show initially televised?
who is the creator of the daily show?
what was the title for the daily show's 2000 election coverage?
what celebrities have appeared on the daily show?
in what year was the final episode telecast?
what network aired the show?
who played diane chambers?
who played sam malone the bartender?
what boston bar was the inspiration for cheers' bar?
what year was the program first broadcast?
name supporting actors who performed in cheers.
how many races are part of the winston cup series?
what races are part of the winston cup series?
which drivers have won the winston cup?
what tobacco company is a sponsor of the winston cup series?
on what day of the week are races for the winston cup run?
what is considered the minor league for the winston cup series?
where was mozart born?
when was mozart born?
what year did mozart die?
list mozart's operas.
who was mozart's rival?
how many children did mozart have?
when was hitchcock born?
where was hitchcock born?
what was hitchcock's first movie?
list his movie nominations for best director.
how many oscar awards did hitchcock win?
when did hitchcock die?
where did hitchcock die?
what year was christopher reeve paralyzed?
how many "superman" movies did he make?
during what years were these "superman" movies made?
which actress co-starred in the most "superman" movies with reeve?
what year did reeve commence his theatrical career?
list titles of movies, other than "superman" movies, that christopher reeve acted in.
hugo chavez is president of which country?
how old was hugo chavez when first elected?
where did chavez graduate from?
what year did chavez graduate from this school?
list countries visited by chavez.
what percentage of the 2000 presidential vote did chavez receive?
who was chavez's opponent in his 1998 presidential race?
who founded nascar?
when was nascar founded?
who took control of nascar from the founder?
list winners of the nascar races.
how much money does nascar generate from tv rights annually?
who holds the record of career victories in nascar?
what is the record career total of victories in nascar?
what was the number of member nations of the u.n. in 2000?
how many non-permanent members are in the security council?
how long does a non-permanent member serve on the security council?
how often does the presidency of the security council rotate?
who was the president of the u.n. security council for august 1999?
who has served as secretary-general of the u.n.?
who is the secretary-general for political affairs?
who became tufts university president in 1992?
over which other university did he preside?
what was tufts' endowment in 1992 when he became president?
what is tufts' current endowment?
how many schools make up the university?
name the schools of tufts university.
where is tufts located?
what year was wal-mart founded?
who founded wal-mart?
list companies that have filed suits against wal-mart.
how many wal-mart employees are there in the u.s.?
how many stores does wal-mart operate world-wide?
how many wal-mart outlets are there in india?
how many wal-mart outlets are there in china?
how many member nations are in the imf?
list the countries that have been provided loans by the imf.
which country received the largest loan ever granted by the imf?
what was the record loan amount granted by the imf?
what does imf stand for?
when was the imf founded?
where is the imf headquartered?
in what city was the 1999 all-star game held?
in what city was the 1999 game originally scheduled?
list the official sponsors of the game.
what is the name of the ballpark where the game was played?
what is the seating capacity of the ballpark?
what was the date of the 1999 all-star game?
who was the most valuable player (mvp) of the game?
myeloma is cancer in what part of the body?
what drug is used to treat myeloma?
what other form of treatment has been used for multiple myeloma?
how many americans develop multiple myeloma every year?
how many deaths are caused by multiple myeloma in the u.s. annually?
list facilities involved in the treatment of multiple myeloma.
where is the hermitage museum located?
along the banks of what river is the hermitage museum located?
in what year did catherine the great begin buying for the museum?
what is the size of the hermitage museum collection?
list the artists represented in the collection.
in what city will there be a satellite museum for the hermitage?
who is the director of the hermitage?
where was judi dench born?
what movies did she play in?
who is she married to?
how many oscars has she been nominated for?
how many oscars has she won?
how many tony awards has she won?
in what year was she born?
in what year was the queen mum's 100th birthday celebrated?
what color was the dress that she wore at her birthday lunch?
the queen mother received congratulatory greetings from what heads of state?
what was the queen mother's birth name?
how many interviews has she granted the press in her 100 years on earth?
what was her husband's title when she married him?
what was his title when he died?
how many humans were infected with avian flu in hong kong in 1997?
how many humans died of avian flu in hong kong in 1997?
how may chickens were slaughtered to stop further spread of the disease to humans?
what strain of avian flu broke out in hong kong in 1997?
what new strain of avian flu appeared in hong kong within the next two years?
what vaccines are known to be effective against avian flu?
in what city is the millennium wheel located?
how high is the millennium wheel?
what is its popular name?
who built it?
how many passenger capsules does it contain?
list the names of other millennium structures in england.
approximately how many paintings has prince charles completed?
what charities have benefited from the sale or auction of his paintings?
what is the record amount ever paid for one of his paintings?
what is his usual painting medium?
what are his usual subjects?
what other prince showed his paintings in a two-prince exhibition with prince charles in london?
when did the construction of stone circles begin in the uk?
approximately how many stone circles have been found in the uk?
when was stonehenge built?
in what county was stonehenge built?
what are the locations or names of other stone circles in the uk?
what is the oldest stone circle in the uk?
how many songs are on the album "in spite of ourselves"?
what john prine song was a #1 hit for george strait?
in what year did john prine have a cancerous tumor removed?
for how many years did john prine smoke?
what artists has john prine done duets with?
